Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber’s on and off relationship has reportedly continued, despite Gomez’s current stint in rehab.

According to a new report, Bieber has been helping Gomez throughout her stay in a Tennessee rehab, where she is said to be treating symptoms of lupus, including anxiety, depression and panic attacks.

“He’s been sending [Selena Gomez] hundreds of thousands to pay for everything from private jet bills to the recent stay in rehab,” a source told Now magazine on October 29.

Selena Gomez announced she would be taking some time off to address her mental health struggles on August 30. In a statement to People Magazine at the time, Selena Gomez explained that in order to maintain her health and happiness, she needed to step out of the spotlight and address her issues head-on.

Two weeks prior to the announcement, Selena Gomez was involved in a messy dispute with her ex-boyfriend, Justin Bieber, after the “Cold Water” singer shared a couple of photos of himself and his then-girlfriend, Sofia Richie, in Japan together. After posting his first photo, Bieber received backlash from fans and many sent mean messages to Richie. In response, Bieber threatened to make his Instagram account private and told his fans that they were not true fans if they were going to be mean to his girlfriend.

“If you can’t handle the hate then stop posting pictures of your girlfriend lol – it should be between you two only,” Selena Gomez wrote in the comments section of the photo after seeing Bieber’s threat.

Following Selena Gomez’s message to her ex-boyfriend, Bieber wrote a message of his own and a feud erupted.

“It’s funny to see people that used me for attention and still try to point the finger this way. Sad. All love,” he said.

“Funny how the ones that cheated multiple times are pointing the finger at the ones that were supportive and forgiving, no wonder fans are mad. Sad. All love,” Selena Gomez responded.

Once Selena Gomez called out Bieber for cheating on her “multiple times,” he fired back with a comment about her own possible infidelity before deleting his account entirely. Now, however, the two have reportedly made amends, and Bieber is allegedly determined to stay in Selena Gomez’s life as she continues to face personal struggles.

“This is his way of staying in [Selena Gomez] life, as well as making himself feel less guilty for screwing her over,” the Now magazine source explained.

Selena is nice. Justin sucks!

Justin is a cheater.

Playing around with the fetch command

Chapter 2 

Will they hook up again? Nobody knows, but it will be not good for Selena.